We'll dive into our first example
which is sort of a work around,
like an extra example from earlier.
Where we're creating
isRestocking state within Vuex,
that gets toggled on fish inventory.
We talked about how exactly we want to
hook up the isRestocking states into
our component, and how we want that
action in the mutation to look.
And so in order to do that, we created
an isRestocking sort of a computer
property from the Frontend because
we want that state to be updated.
And the computer property
is called isRestocking, and
then we're just checking
the specific state.
So this .dollarStore.state isRestocking,
and that is of course, a boolean property.
So if you go back up to the action itself,
or to the state itself.
We created a state called isRestocking,
in this case, it's false.
And then we have this fetch
inventory API that we're, or
this fetch inventory action in which we're
pinging inventory, which is the API call.
And then before we make the API call,
we want to commit to change
the isRestocking to true.
And then when the async action finishes,
we want to change that back to false.
And then the mutation itself
will emulate that, so
it takes in a state and a payload.
And then we are changing that isRestocking
back to whatever the payload i,s so
true or false.
And so that's essentially what that
looks like with everything hooked up.